The King of Sea had a beautiful and kind daughter who named little mermaid. 
The little mermaid fell in love with the prince. 
The little mermaid endured great pain to take off the fish shape without hesitation, became human in order to pursue love. 
However, the prince, finally, married with an earthly woman. 
The witch told the little mermaid that if she killed the prince and made him bleed on her legs, she could go back to the sea and live a carefree life again. Nevertheless, he didn't.
Insted, she asked the witch to  make the prince fall in love with her.
The witch could do it, but she wouldnt do it for free.
If the little mermaid wanted the prince to love her, she would first have to kiss a frog.  
Thinking about it again and again, the mermaid first thought it was a ridiculous idea.
However, whenever the prince's face came up in her mind, she couldn't go to sleep at night.
Finally, at a full moon night, the little mermaid came to the castle to see the prince once again to make up her mind.
 By the time she came out of the castle, there was just a frog there right in front of her.
 The little mermaid held the frog up with both her hands, they looked into each others' eyes, then, the mermaid kissed the frog.
 All of a sudden, the frog jumped off the mermaid's hand, and a strong light covered the frog's body---it became a man who looked just like the prince.

 Everybody though their life will be ever happily after. However, one day, the
 witch came to find the mermaid and told her the prince is actually a frog, and
 threat the mermaid if you don't want your only one to turn back in to the frog
 again, you must do something. The mermaid asked,"what should I do?", the witch
 said you should become a human from now on and never return back to your home.
 The mermaid've then started to think about this again and again. However, one
 day she saw another handsome guy in the town and decided to elopde with him. 
 The princess then turned back to a frog ever after.
The princess admits she regrets. She shouldn’t listen to the witch. 
She has already been cursed, but she offered no solutions of her own. 
She cannot do anything at the moment but wait. The princess still didn’t find her savior. 
Finally. she died. 
